Ark/PVE/mods.md, before:

# **Ark PVE Mods**

## Subscribe to the collection

To subscribe to the collection, please visit [THIS LINK](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1855769521) where you will find all of our mods bundled together in a single place. Below is a small description of our mods, what they offer, and how to use some of their benefits.

<br>

### [SupremeArk Donor Mod](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1221836305)
_Adds additional skins, donor tools and potions that provide various small benefits to Ark._

_These items are all accessed via the in-game shop. For help with shop commands, please visit [this link here] for step-by-step guides on how to use its commands._

<br>

### [Ultra Stacks](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=761535755)
_A stack mod that increase the maximum stack size of resources and reduces their weight._

<br>

### [Awesome SpyGlass!](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1404697612)
_Shows additional information when looking at dinos, players, structures and more._

<br>

### [Structures Plus (S+)](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=731604991)
_Adds additional automation structures to the game as well as fixes some small inconsistencies with Ark's native build system._

<br>

### [Death Helper](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=566885854)
_Provides a corpse finder and suicide potion (for when you're stuck and need a way out). Can also retrieved bugged corpse bags under the terrain._

<br>

### [Dino Tracker](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=924933745)
_Helps you find and retrieve lost dinos on the map._

<br>

### [Lethal's Reusables](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1967741708)
_Offers a reusable version of some one-time use tools like Parachute, Bola, Spear, etc._

<br>

### [Castles. Keeps and Forts (Remastered)](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1814953878)
_Additional building pieces themed from castle-type architecture._

<br>

### [Swim Clear Scuba Mask](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1102050924)
_Gives a clear view of the ocean instead of the cloudy visuals given by the standard in-game mask._

<br>

### [Advanced Motorboats](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1134724238)
_Better motorboats for Ark to make traversing by sea and bulding powered boats more interesting._

<br>

### [Anti Radiation Armour](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1264988068)
_Allows the Tek suit to protect against radiation._

<br>

### [Classic Flyers](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=895711211)
_Provides QoL changes to flyers that include speed levelling, backing up, and adjustable settings on breeding._

<br>

### [Dino Storage v2](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1609138312)
_Brings a huge amount of changes to how you store, breed and transport dinos. Better cryopods is the most simple description._

<br>

### [Colour Blind Friendly Supply Drops](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=708257555)
_Enhances the colour visuals of supply drops, especially for those who are colour blind._

<br>

### [Automated Ark (Core)](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2007400172)
_Adds additional automationg items to Ark to include storage, earthquake gatherer, and more._

<br>

### [Automated Ark: Kitchen Add-ons](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2007441758) 
_Adds kitchen-specific automation tools and storage that works on top of the Automated Ark mod._

Commit message:

Website Updates for Ark, Community & Conan (#6)
* Update rules.md

Updated the page to be aligned with our discord's rule pages.

* Update settings.md

Added Benefactor+ decay timer information.

* Create Omega

* Update mods.md

Updated the Conan mods list & order.

* Update rules.md

updated Conan's rules page.

* Delete pippi.md

Not needed.

* Create Space Engineers

adding a page for Space Engineers

* Update settings.md

Updated Conan settings page to the current settings.

* Update settings.md

Updated Ark settings page with ASB & clarification for Wild Dino, Tek & Egg levels, Removed Fast Decay Timers (we will be removing it from the config)

* Update mods.md

Updated mod list & description.

* Update plugins.md

Updated information to access ArkShop

* Update rules.md

Minor updates to spawn point locations

* Adding game folders

* Updated files for SE & fixed typo in Ark

* Added a page to SE, edited some info for Omega

* ARK/SE/Conan Updates, No Change to Atlas

* Latest Updates

* Typo

Updates to Rules & Settings (#7)

* Updated Settings page for SE

* Updates

Language, rules & information updates.

Updated Super Bred Definition

Updated supers definition (#10)

28/09/2025 Adjusted Spaces.md

Just minor spacing / visual issues and removed an inactive link under the SG Donor Mod section.

28/09/2025 Conan Mods Update.md

Updated the list by order, added links and descriptions to Conan's mod list.

28/09/2025 Conan Settings Update.md

Updated the settings page to reflect the current setup for the Conan Servers.

28/08/2025 Mods Page Update.md

Removed a listed mod, added two others to reflect the most recent Space Engineers mod list.

28/09/2025 Atlas Mods Update.md

Updated the ATLAS mod list to reflect the current setup.

28/09/2025 Ark Rules Update.md

Added some clarity into Rule #2 about not blocking artifact caves.

Delete Ark/ArkOmega directory

We don't run ASE Omega anymore.

Ark/PVE/mods.md, after:

# **Ark PVE Mods**

## Subscribe to the collection

To subscribe to the collection, please visit [THIS LINK](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1855769521) where you will find all of our mods bundled together in a single place. Below is a small description of our mods, what they offer, and how to use some of their benefits.
<br>

### [SupremeArk Donor Mod](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1221836305)
_Adds additional skins, donor tools and potions that provide various small benefits to Ark._
<br>

### [Ultra Stacks](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=761535755)
_A stack mod that increase the maximum stack size of resources and reduces their weight._
<br>

### [Awesome SpyGlass!](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1404697612)
_Shows additional information when looking at dinos, players, structures and more._
<br>

### [Structures Plus (S+)](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=731604991)
_Adds additional automation structures to the game as well as fixes some small inconsistencies with Ark's native build system._
<br>

### [Death Helper](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=566885854)
_Provides a corpse finder and suicide potion (for when you're stuck and need a way out). Can also retrieved bugged corpse bags under the terrain._
<br>

### [Dino Tracker](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=924933745)
_Helps you find and retrieve lost dinos on the map._
<br>

### [Lethal's Reusables](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1967741708)
_Offers a reusable version of some one-time use tools like Parachute, Bola, Spear, etc._
<br>

### [Castles. Keeps and Forts (Remastered)](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1814953878)
_Additional building pieces themed from castle-type architecture._
<br>

### [Swim Clear Scuba Mask](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1102050924)
_Gives a clear view of the ocean instead of the cloudy visuals given by the standard in-game mask._
<br>

### [Advanced Motorboats](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1134724238)
_Better motorboats for Ark to make traversing by sea and bulding powered boats more interesting._
<br>

### [Anti Radiation Armour](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1264988068)
_Allows the Tek suit to protect against radiation._
<br>

### [Classic Flyers](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=895711211)
_Provides QoL changes to flyers that include speed levelling, backing up, and adjustable settings on breeding._
<br>

### [Dino Storage v2](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1609138312)
_Brings a huge amount of changes to how you store, breed and transport dinos. Better cryopods is the most simple description._
<br>

### [Colour Blind Friendly Supply Drops](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=708257555)
_Enhances the colour visuals of supply drops, especially for those who are colour blind._
<br>

### [Automated Ark (Core)](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2007400172)
_Adds additional automationg items to Ark to include storage, earthquake gatherer, and more._
<br>

### [Automated Ark: Kitchen Add-ons](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2007441758) 
_Adds kitchen-specific automation tools and storage that works on top of the Automated Ark mod._

### [MX-E Ark Shop UI](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2693727499)
_This mod implements an easy to use interface for the most popular and free shop plugin "ArkShop"._

### [Inventory Backup System](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2623890618)
_This mod is meant to assist the admin team in recovering inventories **in the case of an emergency**._
