Ark/PVE/pve.md, before:

## These rules and settings apply to the following servers:

1. **Supreme Ark Aberration PVE** 
1. **Supreme Ark Center PVE** 
1. **Supreme Ark Extinction PVE**
1. **Supreme Ark Genesis PVE**
1. **Supreme Ark Island PVE** 
1. **Supreme Ark Ragnarok PVE** 
1. **Supreme Ark Scorched Earth PVE**
1. **Supreme Ark Valguero PVE**
1. **Supreme Ark PF Center PVE**
1. **Supreme Ark PF Extinction PVE**
1. **Supreme Ark PF Ragnarok PVE**

---

# **Global Rules**

1. **DO NOT** block player spawns. If you have a player spawn inside your base, you __**MUST**__ make sure that there is an easy and obvious path out from your base.
2. **DO NOT** block loot crate & beacon spawns or impede access to them by other players. 
2. **DO NOT** build or block access to the following restricted locations:
     - **Aberration:**
         - Surface Access Points
     - **Center:**
         - Skull Island (Obsidian, Metal & Crystal)
         - Penguin Iceberg at Green Obelisk (Organic Polymer)
         - Ice Palace underneath Green Obelisk (Organic Polymer)
     - **Extinction:**
         - City Terminals
     - **Ragnarok:**
         - The Wyvern Scar or it's immediate surroundings
         - Ice Wyvern spawn points
         - Crystal Caves at Coordinates: 85.8, 51.1 | 40.0, 62.6 | 37.6, 58.9
     - **Valguero:**
         - Aberration Access Points
         - Deinonychus Nests
         - Deep Sea Cave Entrances
2. **DO NOT** bring flyers to the Aberration map. Any non-native flyers on Aberration will be immediately destroyed on sight by admins.
2. **DO NOT** cheat or exploit bugs in the game or mods. These include using indestructible player-crafted structures to create choke points or modify the root map design.
2. **NO** excessive cursing, racism or hate speech in global chat or on the server Discord which extends to aliases and character names.  If an argument needs to happen, take it to private messages.
2. **NO** griefing, trolling, or harrassing other players. This also extends to stealing from other's containers, killing players and dinos, kiting aggressive dinos to someone's base or interrupting tames.
2. **DO NOT** use the SA Terminal (mod item) to import dinos to a location they cannot normally enter (small caves, inaccessible water, etc).
2. **DO NOT** let your tamed dinos wander outside of your base.
2. **NO** foundation, pillar or structure spam. __**Only build where you are active.**__

_"Do unto others as you would have them do unto you"_

---

### **Territory Claims**

* Each tribe is allowed up to a maximum of two bases.

* Outposts should be limited to barebone basics such as a bed, a terminal, and one or two crafting stations with a maximum size of 4x4x4.

When starting a base or expanding a build, ensure that you are not blocking in another tribe's base. Please do not build on more than two sides of an already existing tribe. If an already existing tribe has another tribe blocking two sides, please move a little farther away before placing any structures and leave ample room to allow room for expansion for both parties.

Do not block natural resources, paths or obelisks with permanent structures. Ensure that your build does not severly cripple dino spawns especially in tight spaces like caves.

**Note: You CAN build within render of other bases.**

---

### **Tribe Wars**

While the server is primarily focused on PvE, we **DO** offer the ability for tribes to go to war with each other.  Should you and another tribe decide you'd like to declare war, there will be limitations set by both parties and those agreed upon limitations must be followed.

---

### **Super Breeds**

Super Breeds are defined as any dino with a base level of over 800. These dinos have been bred to have the highest values in at least 2 stats. Super Breed dinos are the property of the breeder and can only be traded, gifted, bred or used in boss fights at the original breeder's discretion. If caught with a Super Breed line that is not yours, the dinos will be removed from your possession and additional punishments will follow based on the severity of the violation.

**DO NOT** cross-breed supers with regular tames.
  - Breeders Responsibilities:
    - Be cautious as to who you issue your super bred dinos to.
    - IF a super bred dino is involved in griefing - it will be destroyed.
  - Breeders Rights:
    - Issue/Exchange their super breeds with whomever they wish.
    - There are no limitations to what you can breed.

Please reference [this forum category](https://www.supremegaming.gg/forums/category/15/pve-super-breeding-registration) for the list of registered Super Breeds and their authorised users.

---

### **Violations & Punishments**

Violations that originate from toxic behaviour will more often times result in an immediate and permanent ban. For other smaller recurring violations, admins reserve the right to issue punishments at their discretion.

If rules are being violated then you must submit proof before asking an admin to investigate. Proof can be in the form of relevant screenshots (F12 while in game to capture screen via Steam) or in the form of video if you are able to do so. Do not come to use asking for someone to be punished without proof. Do **_NOT_** leave out details just to help your case. Admins do not take kindly to lying.

You can report a violation on the [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/supremegaming) and creating a support ticket in any channel by sending a message containing `!ticket new`.

---

### **Additional Notes**

The Craftable Tribute Terminal mod allows players to create an obelisk terminal to place in their base in order to make transfers between servers more convenient.

_Be responsible with the pillars and terminals you place down. They are not demolishable by anybody else but the tribe that placed them. We admins do not have the time to go around and cleaning out terminals whenever they are abandoned and someone else wants to build where they are placed. If you place a tribute terminal please pick it up after you are done transferring/transporting items or creatures._

---

## **Server Configuration**

To preserve the Supreme Ark experience, all PVE servers share the exact same configuration and multiplier settings.

#### _Main Settings_

**Max Player Level**: 350

**Max Wild Level:**: 240

**Max Tamed Levels**: 151

**Gathering**: 25x

**XP**: 25x

**Taming**: 25x

**Mating Interval**: 1x

**Egg Hatch Speed**: 25x

**Baby Mature Speed**: 25x

**Imprint Interval**: 0.20x (1/5 the time of vanilla)

**Player Food Drain:**: 0.6x

**Player Water Drain:**: 0.6x

**Player Health Recovery**: 2x

**Dino Health Recovery**: 2x

**Wild Dino Resistance**: 0.66x

**Player Damage**: 2X

**Player Resistance**: 0.5x

**Resource Spawn Period**: 2x (Slower than vanilla)

**Hardcore Mode**: False

**Gamma Enabled**: True

**Night/Day Speed**: 2x longer days, normal nights

**Floating Damage Text**: True

**PVP Dino Decay**: True

**PVP Structure Decay**: True

**Max Players in Tribe**: 10

**Spikes Damages Wild Dinos**: True

**Dino Turret Damage**: 4x

#### _Per Level Stat Multipliers_

**Player Weight**: 3x

**Crafting Speed**: 2x

**Tamed Dino Weight**: 2.5x

**Tamed Dino Melee**: 2x

#### _Structure Decay Timers_

Here at Supreme Ark we have accelerated structure decay timers to ensure that remnants of abandoned bases don't linger too long preventing players from claiming property and building. This is necessary to guarantee a very infrequent wipe-cycle.

The decay timers for different structure tiers are:
- **Thatch**: 4 Days
- **Wood**: 8 Days
- **Stone**: 12 Days
- **Metal**: 16 Days
- **TEK**: 19 Days

- **Dino**: 8 Days
- **Single Foundation or Pillar**: 12 Hours

#### _Transfer/Upload/Download Settings_

**These timers are time to uploaded entity expiration. After the timer ends, entities will be destroyed unless removed from the terminal.**

  - **Dino Timer**: 12 hours
  - **Item Timer**: 2 hours
  - **Character Timer**: 24 hours
  - **Transfer Cooldown**: None

#### *Structures Plus Settings*

- **Grinder Return Percentage**: 75%
- **Grinder Capacity**: 1,000
- **Elevator Weight Multiplier**: 20x
- **Elevator Speed**: 500
- **Hatchery Capacity**: 1,000

&nbsp;

### **Ark Smart Breeding App Settings**

For those serious about their breeding game, [Ark Smart Breeding](https://github.com/cadon/ARKStatsExtractor) is a great tool to keep track of your dino generations and get the best out of your breeders. In addition, Supreme Ark runs bi-weekly Breeding Bonanza weekends where breeding settings are ramped up to 3x the normal Supreme Ark breeding rates noted above. The settings to use for the app on your end (both normal and Breeding Bonanza) are as follow:

![Normal and Breeding Bonanza Buff Settings](https://i.imgur.com/61u16uG.png "Normal and Breeding Bonanza Buff Settings")

Toggle the "event" checkbox when the server is on a Breeding Bonanza weeked, which usually happens every two weeks.

Commit message:

PVE building restriction changes
Added restrictions to building in genesis 2

Ark/PVE/pve.md, after:

## These rules and settings apply to the following servers:

1. **Supreme Ark Aberration PVE** 
1. **Supreme Ark Center PVE** 
1. **Supreme Ark Extinction PVE**
1. **Supreme Ark Genesis PVE**
1. **Supreme Ark Genesis 2 PVE**
1. **Supreme Ark Island PVE** 
1. **Supreme Ark Ragnarok PVE** 
1. **Supreme Ark Scorched Earth PVE**
1. **Supreme Ark Valguero PVE**
1. **Supreme Ark PF Center PVE**
1. **Supreme Ark PF Extinction PVE**
1. **Supreme Ark PF Ragnarok PVE**

---

# **Global Rules**

1. **DO NOT** block player spawns. If you have a player spawn inside your base, you __**MUST**__ make sure that there is an easy and obvious path out from your base.
2. **DO NOT** block loot crate, beacon spawns, and explorer notes or impede access to them by other players. 
2. **DO NOT** build or block access to the following restricted locations:
     - **Aberration:**
         - Surface Access Points
     - **Center:**
         - Skull Island (Obsidian, Metal & Crystal)
         - Penguin Iceberg at Green Obelisk (Organic Polymer)
         - Ice Palace underneath Green Obelisk (Organic Polymer)
     - **Extinction:**
         - City Terminals
    - **Genesis 2:**
         - Rockwell's stomach
         - Airlock passages
    - **Ragnarok:**
         - The Wyvern Scar or it's immediate surroundings
         - Ice Wyvern spawn points
         - Crystal Caves at Coordinates: 85.8, 51.1 | 40.0, 62.6 | 37.6, 58.9
     - **Valguero:**
         - Aberration Access Points
         - Deinonychus Nests
         - Deep Sea Cave Entrances
2. **DO NOT** bring flyers to the Aberration map. Any non-native flyers on Aberration will be immediately destroyed on sight by admins.
2. **DO NOT** cheat or exploit bugs in the game or mods. These include using indestructible player-crafted structures to create choke points or modify the root map design.
2. **NO** excessive cursing, racism or hate speech in global chat or on the server Discord which extends to aliases and character names.  If an argument needs to happen, take it to private messages.
2. **NO** griefing, trolling, or harrassing other players. This also extends to stealing from other's containers, killing players and dinos, kiting aggressive dinos to someone's base or interrupting tames.
2. **DO NOT** use the SA Terminal (mod item) to import dinos to a location they cannot normally enter (small caves, inaccessible water, etc).
2. **DO NOT** let your tamed dinos wander outside of your base.
2. **NO** foundation, pillar or structure spam. __**Only build where you are active.**__

_"Do unto others as you would have them do unto you"_

---

### **Territory Claims**

* Each tribe is allowed up to a maximum of two bases.

* Outposts should be limited to barebone basics such as a bed, a terminal, and one or two crafting stations with a maximum size of 4x4x4.

When starting a base or expanding a build, ensure that you are not blocking in another tribe's base. Please do not build on more than two sides of an already existing tribe. If an already existing tribe has another tribe blocking two sides, please move a little farther away before placing any structures and leave ample room to allow room for expansion for both parties.

Do not block natural resources, paths or obelisks with permanent structures. Ensure that your build does not severly cripple dino spawns especially in tight spaces like caves.

**Note: You CAN build within render of other bases.**

---

### **Tribe Wars**

While the server is primarily focused on PvE, we **DO** offer the ability for tribes to go to war with each other.  Should you and another tribe decide you'd like to declare war, there will be limitations set by both parties and those agreed upon limitations must be followed.

---

### **Super Breeds**

Super Breeds are defined as any dino with a base level of over 800. These dinos have been bred to have the highest values in at least 2 stats. Super Breed dinos are the property of the breeder and can only be traded, gifted, bred or used in boss fights at the original breeder's discretion. If caught with a Super Breed line that is not yours, the dinos will be removed from your possession and additional punishments will follow based on the severity of the violation.

**DO NOT** cross-breed supers with regular tames.
  - Breeders Responsibilities:
    - Be cautious as to who you issue your super bred dinos to.
    - IF a super bred dino is involved in griefing - it will be destroyed.
  - Breeders Rights:
    - Issue/Exchange their super breeds with whomever they wish.
    - There are no limitations to what you can breed.

Please reference [this forum category](https://www.supremegaming.gg/forums/category/15/pve-super-breeding-registration) for the list of registered Super Breeds and their authorised users.

---

### **Violations & Punishments**

Violations that originate from toxic behaviour will more often times result in an immediate and permanent ban. For other smaller recurring violations, admins reserve the right to issue punishments at their discretion.

If rules are being violated then you must submit proof before asking an admin to investigate. Proof can be in the form of relevant screenshots (F12 while in game to capture screen via Steam) or in the form of video if you are able to do so. Do not come to use asking for someone to be punished without proof. Do **_NOT_** leave out details just to help your case. Admins do not take kindly to lying.

You can report a violation on the [Discord Server](https://discord.gg/supremegaming) and creating a support ticket in any channel by sending a message containing `!ticket new`.

---

### **Additional Notes**

The Craftable Tribute Terminal mod allows players to create an obelisk terminal to place in their base in order to make transfers between servers more convenient.

_Be responsible with the pillars and terminals you place down. They are not demolishable by anybody else but the tribe that placed them. We admins do not have the time to go around and cleaning out terminals whenever they are abandoned and someone else wants to build where they are placed. If you place a tribute terminal please pick it up after you are done transferring/transporting items or creatures._

---

## **Server Configuration**

To preserve the Supreme Ark experience, all PVE servers share the exact same configuration and multiplier settings.

#### _Main Settings_

**Max Player Level**: 350

**Max Wild Level:**: 240

**Max Tamed Levels**: 151

**Gathering**: 25x

**XP**: 25x

**Taming**: 25x

**Mating Interval**: 1x

**Egg Hatch Speed**: 25x

**Baby Mature Speed**: 25x

**Imprint Interval**: 0.20x (1/5 the time of vanilla)

**Player Food Drain:**: 0.6x

**Player Water Drain:**: 0.6x

**Player Health Recovery**: 2x

**Dino Health Recovery**: 2x

**Wild Dino Resistance**: 0.66x

**Player Damage**: 2X

**Player Resistance**: 0.5x

**Resource Spawn Period**: 2x (Slower than vanilla)

**Hardcore Mode**: False

**Gamma Enabled**: True

**Night/Day Speed**: 2x longer days, normal nights

**Floating Damage Text**: True

**PVP Dino Decay**: True

**PVP Structure Decay**: True

**Max Players in Tribe**: 10

**Spikes Damages Wild Dinos**: True

**Dino Turret Damage**: 4x

#### _Per Level Stat Multipliers_

**Player Weight**: 3x

**Crafting Speed**: 2x

**Tamed Dino Weight**: 2.5x

**Tamed Dino Melee**: 2x

#### _Structure Decay Timers_

Here at Supreme Ark we have accelerated structure decay timers to ensure that remnants of abandoned bases don't linger too long preventing players from claiming property and building. This is necessary to guarantee a very infrequent wipe-cycle.

The decay timers for different structure tiers are:
- **Thatch**: 4 Days
- **Wood**: 8 Days
- **Stone**: 12 Days
- **Metal**: 16 Days
- **TEK**: 19 Days

- **Dino**: 8 Days
- **Single Foundation or Pillar**: 12 Hours

#### _Transfer/Upload/Download Settings_

**These timers are time to uploaded entity expiration. After the timer ends, entities will be destroyed unless removed from the terminal.**

  - **Dino Timer**: 12 hours
  - **Item Timer**: 2 hours
  - **Character Timer**: 24 hours
  - **Transfer Cooldown**: None

#### *Structures Plus Settings*

- **Grinder Return Percentage**: 75%
- **Grinder Capacity**: 1,000
- **Elevator Weight Multiplier**: 20x
- **Elevator Speed**: 500
- **Hatchery Capacity**: 1,000

&nbsp;

### **Ark Smart Breeding App Settings**

For those serious about their breeding game, [Ark Smart Breeding](https://github.com/cadon/ARKStatsExtractor) is a great tool to keep track of your dino generations and get the best out of your breeders. In addition, Supreme Ark runs bi-weekly Breeding Bonanza weekends where breeding settings are ramped up to 3x the normal Supreme Ark breeding rates noted above. The settings to use for the app on your end (both normal and Breeding Bonanza) are as follow:

![Normal and Breeding Bonanza Buff Settings](https://i.imgur.com/61u16uG.png "Normal and Breeding Bonanza Buff Settings")

Toggle the "event" checkbox when the server is on a Breeding Bonanza weeked, which usually happens every two weeks.
