Ark/ArkOmega/mods.md, before:

# **Ark PVE Mods**

## Subscribe to the collection

To subscribe to the collection, please visit [THIS LINK](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1855769521) where you will find all of our mods bundled together in a single place. Below is a small description of our mods, what they offer, and how to use some of their benefits.

<br>

### [SupremeArk Donor Mod](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1221836305)
_Adds additional skins, donor tools and potions that provide various small benefits to Ark._

_These items are all accessed via the in-game shop. For help with shop commands, please visit [this link here] for step-by-step guides on how to use its commands._

<br>

### [Ultra Stacks](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=761535755)
_A stack mod that increase the maximum stack size of resources and reduces their weight._

<br>

### [Awesome SpyGlass!](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1404697612)
_Shows additional information when looking at dinos, players, structures and more._

<br>

### [Structures Plus (S+)](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=731604991)
_Adds additional automation structures to the game as well as fixes some small inconsistencies with Ark's native build system._

<br>

### [Death Helper](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=566885854)
_Provides a corpse finder and suicide potion (for when you're stuck and need a way out). Can also retrieved bugged corpse bags under the terrain._

<br>

### [Dino Tracker](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=924933745)
_Helps you find and retrieve lost dinos on the map._

<br>

### [Lethal's Reusables](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1967741708)
_Offers a reusable version of some one-time use tools like Parachute, Bola, Spear, etc._

<br>

### [Castles. Keeps and Forts (Remastered)](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1814953878)
_Additional building pieces themed from castle-type architecture._

<br>

### [Swim Clear Scuba Mask](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1102050924)
_Gives a clear view of the ocean instead of the cloudy visuals given by the standard in-game mask._

<br>

### [Advanced Motorboats](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1134724238)
_Better motorboats for Ark to make traversing by sea and bulding powered boats more interesting._

<br>

### [Anti Radiation Armour](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1264988068)
_Allows the Tek suit to protect against radiation._

<br>

### [Classic Flyers](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=895711211)
_Provides QoL changes to flyers that include speed levelling, backing up, and adjustable settings on breeding._

<br>

### [Dino Storage v2](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1609138312)
_Brings a huge amount of changes to how you store, breed and transport dinos. Better cryopods is the most simple description._

<br>

### [Colour Blind Friendly Supply Drops](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=708257555)
_Enhances the colour visuals of supply drops, especially for those who are colour blind._

<br>

### [Automated Ark (Core)](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2007400172)
_Adds additional automationg items to Ark to include storage, earthquake gatherer, and more._

<br>

### [Automated Ark: Kitchen Add-ons](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2007441758) 
_Adds kitchen-specific automation tools and storage that works on top of the Automated Ark mod._

### [MX-E Ark Shop UI](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2693727499)
_This mod implements an easy to use interface for the most popular and free shop plugin "ArkShop"._

### [Inventory Backup System](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2623890618)
_This mod is meant to assist the admin team in recovering inventories **in the case of an emergency**._

Commit message:

Added a page to SE, edited some info for Omega

Ark/ArkOmega/mods.md, after:

# **Ark PVE Mods**

## Subscribe to the collection

Below is a small description of our mods, what they offer, and how to use some of their benefits.

<br>

### [ARK Omega](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2447186973)
_An overhaul progression mod with 250,000+ dino variations & challenging progression experience._

<br>

### [SupremeArk Donor Mod](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1221836305)
_Adds additional skins, donor tools and potions that provide various small benefits to Ark._

_These items are all accessed via the in-game shop. For help with shop commands, please visit [this link here] for step-by-step guides on how to use its commands._

<br>

### [Ultra Stacks](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=761535755)
_A stack mod that increase the maximum stack size of resources and reduces their weight._

<br>

### [Awesome SpyGlass!](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1404697612)
_Shows additional information when looking at dinos, players, structures and more._

<br>

### [Structures Plus (S+)](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=731604991)
_Adds additional automation structures to the game as well as fixes some small inconsistencies with Ark's native build system._

<br>

### [Death Helper](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=566885854)
_Provides a corpse finder and suicide potion (for when you're stuck and need a way out). Can also retrieved bugged corpse bags under the terrain._

<br>

### [Dino Tracker](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=924933745)
_Helps you find and retrieve lost dinos on the map._

<br>

### [Lethal's Reusables](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1967741708)
_Offers a reusable version of some one-time use tools like Parachute, Bola, Spear, etc._

<br>

### [Castles. Keeps and Forts (Remastered)](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1814953878)
_Additional building pieces themed from castle-type architecture._

<br>

### [Swim Clear Scuba Mask](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1102050924)
_Gives a clear view of the ocean instead of the cloudy visuals given by the standard in-game mask._

<br>

### [Advanced Motorboats](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1134724238)
_Better motorboats for Ark to make traversing by sea and bulding powered boats more interesting._

<br>

### [Anti Radiation Armour](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1264988068)
_Allows the Tek suit to protect against radiation._

<br>

### [Dino Storage v2](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1609138312)
_Brings a huge amount of changes to how you store, breed and transport dinos. Better cryopods is the most simple description._

<br>

### [Colour Blind Friendly Supply Drops](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=708257555)
_Enhances the colour visuals of supply drops, especially for those who are colour blind._

<br>

### [Automated Ark (Core)](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2007400172)
_Adds additional automationg items to Ark to include storage, earthquake gatherer, and more._

<br>

### [Automated Ark: Kitchen Add-ons](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2007441758) 
_Adds kitchen-specific automation tools and storage that works on top of the Automated Ark mod._

<br>

### [MX-E Ark Shop UI](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2693727499)
_This mod implements an easy to use interface for the most popular and free shop plugin "ArkShop"._

<br>

### [Inventory Backup System](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2623890618)
_This mod is meant to assist the admin team in recovering inventories **in the case of an emergency**._
